WHAT DOES IT guy guys and welcome Mark so in this video we are going to just make some edits.
OK so we're totally done with the higher page we don't have to add anything right here.
But what I want to add is I'm just going to come here I'm going to go to dashboard and I want to change
the my main page.
Ok so I want to make some changes so if someone clicks to hire me he should be taken to this page he
should be aligned to this page and if he's on desktop it should be OK.
So what I'm going to do I'm just going to come here and go to dashboard
OK.
And I just want to go to our pages right here
and I want to go to the home page so I'm just going to.
I'm here and I'm going to hate it.
I'm just going to come here.
Elam and torture and it's going to take me here.
So you can see that it is taking me to the elementary age and here I want to end it.
So if someone says hire me but then he should be redirected to slash higher dash me.
OK.
And if someone clicks disburden as well he should be redirected to slash your dash me.
I want to add one more section right here so that if someone wants to follow me on social profiles he
can also follow me in social profiles because for as you may have upside or for personal Web sites you
should be having a social profile.
So what I'm going to do I'm just going to come here I'm going to hit at an intersection.
I want the full section.
And this is the section right here.
So I want to bring this to up before here.
OK.
Here we go.
This is right here.
I want to add the title right here first.
So I'm going to come here to this guy right here and I want to bring the headings so far heading for
title we're going to bring the heading.
OK.
And this is right here I want or just him here.
Let's just come here.
Let's triplicated Let's track it and let's drop it.
Let's stop it right here so you can see that this is right here.
I want to come here I want to go to trial and I want to change the color to be black.
There we go.
OK.
So I'm going to change this to what from what I can do to
follow me on
OK and there we go.
I want to add some links right here below.
So what I'm going to do I just want and you call them I want to just skim here.
I want to get a duplicate column.
OK.
Let's ask him here let's hit delete and let's add a new section right here below.
Or let's add a column.
So I'm just going to come here.
I'm just going to click this rake guy right here.
I want to drag the column.
I want to drop it right below.
OK.
So these are the column tray here.
I want some columns so I want to come here to this guy.
I wanted Cragg to social icons.
I want to drag and drop straight here.
OK.
So these are the coming.
These are coming right here so I don't think so I need any of these columns.
I'm just going to come here I'm going to remove the column so you can see that this is coming right
here.
Now what I want I
want to edit this.
So I wanted to add some more items I can add void second and so many.
So let's add some.
So in the number one we have is Facebook we have Twitter we have Google Plus.
And then we have.
So it can be Instagram.
OK.
And I want it to be Facebook Twitter the Will plus Instagram.
And then we have the LinkedIn.
So then I want one more and that is going to be what can me and social OK and I'll just go down go down
YouTube.
Ok cool.
So we have these right here.
OK.
Now what I want to do.
I just want to give some gapping right here OK so that we have some more gapping.
I also want to try this raid this guy right here.
I want to duplicate it.
I want to try this ray here.
And I want to drop it here.
So here it is.
I'm just going to come here and I'm going to change the color of fit to be black.
OK.
And I want to give some spacing.
So first spacing I want to come here and hit that section and I want to go to advance and the margin
at the margin but the padding so I'm going to give the padding from top.
So from top I want to give 20 pixels so 30 pixels has been given from top and you can see 30 is not
enough.
I want to try one more.
So it is now I think 50 50 looks cool.
OK.
I also want to give some betting to the bottom.
So let's head to put him right here.
And this is mine 28 29.
OK.
Now this is school ok.
I want to come here to this guy right here and now here I want to go to the shape so its shape can be
their square shape can be rounded or a ship can be circle as well.
So I like the circle one.
And then I want to come here and I want to add these things so you can add these links later on.
I want to come here to the instagram one and
let's just give here to style and official color or just choose the custom color.
So I want to go with a custom color I don't want so many colors so let's go ahead and the primary color
is going to be white.
OK.
And or sorry we can go with the primary colors to be below this one that we have right here.
So this looks great.
OK.
So make sure that you follow the team of your website.
So I'm just going to go on here I'm just going to just increase it a bit.
So there we go it looks cool.
OK.
Now we want to go ahead and I want to increase the size a bit.
I want to give some batting.
I think this much better.
So how great is that this is the icon right here and this is the overall covering so you can give batting
to these covering you can see that icon is remaining same but the batting is being increased.
This is how the betting where it's OK so it totally depends on how much padding you want to give.
I think padding should be like this.
And the size should be smaller and batting should be more cool.
OK.
Now what I want to do I want to go with the spacing so I want to give some more spacing right here.
Ok cool.
There's much spacing is fine.
And now I'm done.
Totally totally done.
You can see that my full me on is coming perfect.
I'm just going to come here to I hole where an icon an icon over the this should be turned to block
so that we go you can see how my web site is looking.
I'm just going to come here.
And here we go you can see Chase follow me on Facebook Twitter Google Plus Instagram.
And then I have the link then and then I have this YouTube YouTube so everything looks cool.
Then I also have the animations.
If you want any mation to be I think it should be cool.
So if I click it it is growing.
So I had the crowing effect is good.
You can also go with a shrink so if you click it it's going to shrink down.
So it totally depends.
I think
Groll Krulak school because you because I want to keep my web site as simple and decent it can be OK.
And here I want to change the color to be the Polow one.
So let's go and follow the team color.
So I'm going to come here.
I'm going to hit this and I'm going to increase this here.
Follow me on in discolors Well let's just say it and let's get this
let's get in here let's just click this and again see how it is looking so.
Follow me on.
We have these icons and then we have about MI 6 as well.
So I think this was looking great on black.
We don't have to edit this so I'm just going to come here.
The dividers should be black and that should be blind as well.
And
what I want to give I want to give some more padding to the below section.
So when I come here to advance and the bottom section I want to give some back to the bottom.
So
let's come here and edit this section.
OK let's come here to advance and then we have the bottom section.
I want to increase it a bit.
OK and now let's see how this is looking.
So now I think it is looking cool a bad.
We have Facebook Twitter Google Plus Instagram and we have linked in any way to you.
So everything is looking great.
We have what I can do everything.
So you can add some concentrate here if you want to add let's add some content.
Writing this is looking cool.
No problem no worries.
OK so everything has been added about me.
What I can do.
Follow me on and need a professional developer so you can also add a portfolio that the previously the
previous work you have done so you can also add that will add that later on.
OK.
And we're totally done with it.
So a stadium nice and in the next video we're going to be breaking up at the pop up stuff.
We're going to show how the pop up is going to look on computer devices and how this is going to look
on mobile devices.
We're also going to do some mobile optimization and then we're also going to make these links work so
that if someone clicks here should be about.
So if someone clicks this it's going to be taken to the About page.
And if someone clicks this service it should be taken here down.
And then we have to follow me on.
We have to also make them work and we can also work at the right here.
We also have to change this as well and that all so stadium guys and by.